sorry about that little technical
difficulty we were on our way to dixies
little seed room so let's see what she
has to show us over here well right here
they kind of decorate it up I have a raw
and a little scuffle we put just dust up
so we don't have room maybe like some
food so yeah go inside here inside we
have the gremlin you have a lot of meat
brushes in there I actually had a comb
oh yes wow that has a real bristol wrote
it that looks like an authentic briar
brush very much art and a spray bottle
how cute well let's look at the food
then I see you have some bags of straw
over here and a bag of oh very good well
if we walk out that door on here Jean
how to arenas you built can we go look
at your arena okay your barrel arena yes
flash oh let's see like a little paddock
you can open the back of the stall doors
you're the barrel awesome and let's do
that things jumping arena heard so much
about
oh there it is right over here excuse
the customary hat and the you jump in
here we gooo Shawn and y'all could do on
poker there was really nice talking to
you I can't wait till you have your
stable filled with horses